Update CHANGELOG.md with a couple of correctness fixes (#38334)
apple/swift: CHANGELOG.md

Swift 5.5
---------

* [SR-14731][]:

  The compiler now correctly rejects the application of generic arguments to the
  special `Self` type:

  ```swift
  struct Box<T> {
    // previously interpreted as a return type of Box<T>, ignoring the <Int> part;

>     // now we diagnose an error with a fixit suggesting replacing `Self` with `Box`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // now we diagnose an error with a fix-it suggesting replacing `Self` with `Box`
```

>     static func makeBox() -> Self<Int> {}

Reviewer: This code example should probably have a `Box()` in the body of the function, it seems a bit odd otherwise.
